<h1>BRM Contractors Inc</h1>
<h4>Project by Brian McGee</h4>
<p>Welcome to my Website for my contracting company that I have been wokring on while learning to code. This is awesome journey for me as I learn. I am enjoying working this project for my company as I learn some awesome-ness. I am using Bootstrap for the responsive navbar, modals and structure - little bit of styling in the HTML code. I have some awesome styling in my CSS where I went through and touched all the elements with styling. I inverted the colors on the navbar on mobile for a the top links which was tricky but I learned alot. Also integrated a fixed navbar (at a certain scroll position...specifically my .banner height) container to host the Bootstrap navbar which kept popping out of the fixed container on mobile but I got it and I think its slick. I also added a little responsive menu icon in the navbar, pretty sweet. My code consists of the 3-main containers .banner .nav-bar .wrapper! The page content pretty much lives in the wrapper. I have notated with comments the blocks of code so I can re-arrange or add certain features to other pages.  This WILL be ...... an ongoing project as I continue to learn to code.. I've been studying for the last couple months. I am a remodeling contractor in the Northeast - so its a perfect time while its cold....BRRRR</p>
<br>
<h5>Check out somewhere towards the beginning  - Press the first service button .. the only one - its red! It's an old page but I think its cool to see!</h5>
